Updates changelog with missing entries (#3824)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

* :feature:`3805` Users will now be able to filter specific accounts such as the ones with Loopring using an automatically added tag.
* :feature:`2901` Users will now be able to select between a full privacy mode and a semi-privacy mode that keeps the percentages visible.
* :feature:`2624` Users will now be able to filter by tag in the asset details page.
* :feature:`3712` Users will now be able to input a custom date format when importing from CSV.
* :feature:`2265` Users will now be able to see a hint when adding an external trade.
* :feature:`2848` Users will now get taken to the top of the table automatically when changing a page.
* :feature:`2121` Users can now select a different timezone when selecting a date to input.
* :feature:`1875` Users can now disable unused timeframes.
* :feature:`2446` Users can now switch between adding an external trade using quote or rate.
* :feature:`2297` The application will now perform an update check every 24h (user-configurable) while the application is running.
* :feature:`3470` Users can now select the date input format.

> * :feature:`2918` Users can now select the which percentage columns are visible on the dashboard asset tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`2918` Users can now select how the percentage column is calculated in the dashboard. Either based on total net value or based on current group (assets, liabilities, or nft).
```

* :feature:`3725` Users can now see if any of their addresses have SDL available to claim from the SDL airdrop.
* :feature:`3549` Users will now be able to select whether to include or not NFT total value in total net worth and graphs.
* :feature:`3712` Users will now be able to choose a custom date format while importing CSV files.

> * :bug:`1864` The trade querying mechanism will now only query import locations that have entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`1864` If any trades, deposits or withdrawals have been imported from a CSV file for an exchange that's also connected with an api key they will now be properly visible.
```
